what's going on does to me infinity here
and today I'm going to be recording a
video showing you how to get sponsored
by Razer um and this does not matter how
many subs you have you could you can
have 0 subs and no videos uploaded if
you want to be sponsored for your first
video um you can be and I'm going to
show you how to do it really quickly and
how to do it is you're going to want to
go to google and you're going to want to
type in Razer ah I can't believe it
I just miss miss the e Razer sponsorship
program and then you're going to want to
click here the first link and then what
you're going to want to do is you're
going to want to come here and it says
um welcome to the supported streamer
program um you don't have to be
extremely you could be youtuber too and
what you're going to want to do here is
click join now I'm not going to do it
cuz I'm already sponsored if you don't
believe you can get sponsored at no
matter the size your channel look at the
size of my channel and I'm sponsor well
I'm more of a affiliated but I'm still
they still call a sponsor and you guys
just fill out this and then it's going
to bring you to a different page and
then you're going to want to you're
going to want to fill that out and then
me took an hour they sent me an email
and then I was in and then you come in
here you get a 25% off the mic and the
game capture card um and this is it
these codes only last for 30 days but
I'm pretty sure after that 30 days you
can um call like this customer support
or something and then get the code back
but one-time use only and then when you
move on here the gold membership the
gold membership thing
you get like all this stuff and then
when you get to platinum
you get all this stuff it's ridiculous
and then uh that's basically it um you
just gotta get to 250,000 subs on
YouTube or 50,000 twitch followers if
you want to move up in the levels so um
I hope this helped you out cuz the razor
is probably the biggest company you can
get sponsored so so easily with um I
hope you guys enjoyed and peace out